Every function call looks like this.
It's just the name of the function,
followed by the arguments it expects,
and it finishes with a semi-colon.
Here's an example of a valid function call for likePhoto.
It first expects an int argument,
followed by a string,
followed by a boolean in that order.
And so, any function call that looks like this will be valid.
This particular function call will set the currentLikes to be 10.
The comment will just be great photo,
and the boolean like will be set to true.
So, our current likes would increase.
If the order of these arguments were switched,
or we were missing an argument,
this would create an error.
So, it's always important to match up parameters with arguments.
So, for functions that expect parameters is input,
the order and type of arguments you put in in a function call is really important.